# OOGASalad Retrospective Discussion
### TEAM b-cubed
### NAMES


## Project's current progress
* Basic rule/action system implemented
* Deserializer to construct backend constructable Classes
* Basic structure for data generated from the Builder in progress
* Basic UI structure complete
* Integration between frontend/backend needed

## Current level of communication

* Team meetings after Tuesday/Thursday class, plus Sunday afternoon meetings.
* Shared team slack, channels for frontend/backend/general
* Shared phone numbers for direct communication
*

## Satisfaction with team roles

I think our communication has been quite excellent!
Great team
I’m happy :)
Me too!!
It’s been good so far!
Good stuff

## Teamwork that worked well

* Thing #1 - In-person meetings have been very helpful for entire team and small groups

* Thing #2 - Working meetings were helpful (working together in person for some time to implement closely related feature)

* Thing #3 - The smaller group meeting with my team has helped tremendously. I think those smaller meetings have allowed me to be more efficient.

## Teamwork that could be improved

* Thing #1 - Maybe in group meetings we can be more focused on AGILE? Organizing the backlog as a group has fallen by the wayside a bit.
* Thing #2 - I think all members should really try to attend team meetings
* Thing #3 - Try to zoom in if you can’t make meetings !
* Thing #4
  I think that we could maybe have docs (with maybe diagrams) that describe how the different parts of the project fits together; so that anyone can go in and read it and have a complete, high-level view of how things work.
  Granted, we have a design.md from the plan, but I feel like ever since then we have made changes and it’ll be nice to have an up-to-date document just so we make sure that we’re all on the same page at all times.
* Thing #5 - Possible more communication between different teams. I feel there is so much overlap, and things that need to be shared.
* Thing #6 - Maybe small demos of your work could be helpful (to show briefly in meetings). It could help other members better understand different parts’ progress.
*

## Teamwork to improve next Sprint

* All work on pieces of the Controller to offset the load on Matthew
* Schedule inter-team meetings outside of class
* Prioritize issues
* Show demos
